hello how are you look into Ireland's so
this is it
for a session you know what I think I
went quite well I was a bit shocked when
I walked in and there I'd had to put the
shoes on straightaway and I forgot I
Warren Shore today because it was quite
a sunny day in Dublin ballroom shoes and
then the little sock it's just not snow
that is I mean you know nothing wrong
with that
I will fantastic I mean whatever was
going on with the Lloyds everywhere legs
look the widest they've ever been since
I was born so I like actually tan all
right baby that's like the game son yeah
go get these legs Hospital
can we change these legs for tomorrow I
thought today's session went really well
first step
it's the waltz it's tough one it's not
you know it looks beautiful and looks
easy but it's really not you know all
the footwork and all you know the the
frame and it's it's difficult and I
think Nikki handled it pretty well Karin
is brilliant she's rich she's really fun
and she's all for a bit of answer as
well like you know when I'm when I made
a few mistakes she doesn't seem oh she
think very very helpful on a great
teacher Nicky's a winner already I just
need to fix little things here and there
I think he's got what it takes
that's it that's it it's just that
dancing it's easy I just go around one
two I'm still isn't the judges that
wasn't good enough
which was I got my day with the owner
already can this is what this is
strictly go dancing it's like these this
is what I watch on TV so what